Switch Symbol Database to open beta (#23635)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dynamic_instrumentation/enabling/dotnet.md

Dynamic Instrumentation is a feature of supporting Datadog tracing libraries. If you are already using [APM to collect traces][1] for your application, ensure your Agent and tracing library are on the required version, and go directly to enabling Dynamic Instrumentation in step 4.

## Prerequisites

> Optionally, [autocomplete and search (open beta)][8] is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recommended for better experience, [autocomplete and search (open beta)][8] is enabled.
```

## Installation

> 1. Install or upgrade your Agent to version [7.44.0 (recommended 7.45.0)][7] or higher.

Reviewer: same as above

> 1. Install or upgrade your Agent to version [7.44.0 (recommended 7.45.0)][7] or higher.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Install or upgrade your Agent to version [7.45.0][7] or higher.
```

2. If you don't already have APM enabled, in your Agent configuration, set the `DD_APM_ENABLED` environment variable to `true` and listening to the port `8126/TCP`.

> 3. Install or upgrade the .NET tracing libraries to version 2.42, by following the relevant instructions for [.NET Framework][2] or [.NET Core][3].

Author: I changed the minimum version to 2.54 👍
